Zombieland double tap more than just the
f-bomb trailer it's been ten years since
the zombie apocalypse and this
dysfunctional family do you know what I
would like I don't give a [ __ ] what
survived that survived by using their
wish and by following the rules are for
[ __ ] that's impersonal how could that
not be personal that's like my whole
thing yeah you're right it was personal
on October 18 what made you do it and
don't say the script can this be just
between us
drugs costs money didn't see that coming
right you'll be the first to die but I
like your enthusiasm you might die yeah
thank you for your sacrifice from the
director of venom
Peter right oh yeah
and might who's a dick fool Casablanca
Oh God
well I think I would have made a damn
fine president think those cigars are
left over from the Clinton
administration Academy Award nominee
what are you Harrelson let's kick some
dicks the award nominee Jesse Eisenberg
right now right now Academy Award
nominee have a guild Breslin County
Award winner Emma Stone that sings very
you